# Topic: Issues In TDS And Replacement with another course

### Post #1 by **Rishit** (ds-students)
*January 18, 2025, 07:57 UTC*
The knowledge required by students to do TDS has been revised during recent terms. ( Mentioned that as per industrial standards/ needs).

Additional programming skills are required(in addition to Python) to follow the TDS Course. That means indirectly, one should complete many courses diploma in programming before doing TDS.

In such a case, how to drop the course Tools In Data Science(already registered) and get it replaced with another course to save time and without incurring financial losses(as dropping a course refunds only a certain percentage of fees amount paid for the course), and do it again later in terms. It’s completely IIT Madras’s fault since it was mentioned in the academics site that no prerequisites were required for the course while the reality turned out to be far from promises. I want to either get the course structure for the TDS revised or get it replaced with some another course; incase of some course fee difference, I will pay the difference amount.

**Reactions:** ❤️ 1

---

### Post #2 by **B R GIRI SUBRAHMANYA** (ds-students)
*January 18, 2025, 18:33 UTC*
i think you would have to mail this to the support

**Reactions:** ❤️ 1

---

### Post #3 by **Shaurya Sharad Shukla** (ds-students)
*January 19, 2025, 15:17 UTC*
[@Rrishit](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/u/rrishit), please do share the response you receive (or maybe already have) from Support, regarding this, here.

---
