# Topic: Agenda for Today's Live Session [Flask Tutorial]

### Post #1 by **Saransh Saini** (Course TA, ds-students)
*January 23, 2025, 08:19 UTC*
Hi Everyone,

For today’s live session [23-01-2025] we will be giving an elaborate tutorial on using Flask framework for API creation, also we will discuss the last 3 questions of GA1.  
Flask is a Python Framework used for creating APIs and accessing databases. We highly encourage everyone to join this session at 8pm, as Flask is an important topic which might be useful in your projects and even ROE. Also anyone who is not enrolled in TDS, but wished to learn about Flask are also encouraged to join.

Link: [meet.google.com/brz-ksac-evo](http://meet.google.com/brz-ksac-evo)  
Timings: 8pm - 10pm

Regards,  
Saransh Saini  
TDS TA

**Reactions:** ❤️ 1

---

### Post #2 by **Avinash Prasad ** (ds-students)
*January 23, 2025, 16:39 UTC*
Sir, Is the same meeting link valid for all the future live sessions? It would be really helpful if you could share the updates through mail.

**Reactions:** ❤️ 1

---

### Post #3 by **DEEPANSHU** (ds-students)
*January 24, 2025, 08:21 UTC*
Was this session recorded? If recorded please provide link. This session was not in calender so missed that.

---

### Post #4 by **Saransh Saini** (Course TA, ds-students)
*January 24, 2025, 08:43 UTC*
This session will be uploaded on YouTube soon. In the meanwhile you can access the recording here

[drive.google.com](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1w-zklGDSInE1n_T_bIGgo9GFE9_jPhTe/view?usp=drivesdk)

### [Live Session - TDS - 2025/01/23 19:54 GMT+05:30 - Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1w-zklGDSInE1n_T_bIGgo9GFE9_jPhTe/view?usp=drivesdk)

Google Drive file.

**Reactions:** ❤️ 1

---
