# Topic: Create a Question solving groups for ROE

### Post #1 by **Andrew David** (ds-students)
*February 26, 2025, 15:49 UTC*
Whoever wants can participate and then we go into breakout rooms and each group solves a particular question and then we all share the code so we can complete the ROE faster and more effienctly?  
@all

**Reactions:** ❤️ 7

---

### Post #2 by **Manit Bohra** (ds-students)
*February 26, 2025, 15:55 UTC*
Are we allowed to do that?

---

### Post #3 by **Andrew David** (ds-students)
*February 26, 2025, 15:55 UTC*
Yeah they said you can take help anyway possible even to ask a cat also or a pet, im not sure

---

### Post #4 by **Manit Bohra** (ds-students)
*February 26, 2025, 15:56 UTC*
Alright, works. I am down to collaborate.

---

### Post #5 by **Trebhuvan SB** (ds-students)
*February 26, 2025, 15:57 UTC*
Asking help is different from sharing answers in a public forum. I don’t think they will permit this.

---

### Post #6 by **Andrew David** (ds-students)
*February 26, 2025, 15:58 UTC*
Sharing answers is asking for help

---

### Post #7 by **Manit Bohra** (ds-students)
*February 26, 2025, 15:58 UTC*
If the ROE is like how it was for MOCK ROE1 then this probably wont work right?  
Only for today’s ROE(mock 2) we can split the tasks efficiently and get it done.  
Thoughts?

---

### Post #8 by **Manit Bohra** (ds-students)
*February 26, 2025, 15:59 UTC*
trebhuvansb:

> Asking help is different from sharing answers in a public forum. I don’t think they will permit this.

this is valid. should we just ask them? Could u message a TA?

---

### Post #9 by **Andrew David** (ds-students)
*February 26, 2025, 15:59 UTC*
Yeah thats the idea…

---

### Post #10 by **Andrew David** (ds-students)
*February 26, 2025, 15:59 UTC*
[What's the actual purpose of impossible ROE exam?](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/whats-the-actual-purpose-of-impossible-roe-exam/99838/2) [Tools in Data Science](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/c/courses/tds-kb/34)

> [@ankit.jain](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/u/ankit.jain) – I’m the culprit behind this RoE structure. Thanks for the opportunity to share my thought process.
> What does this RoE evaluate? Implicit learning.
> Implicit learning is “How much can they answer if woken up from sleep?”
> Explicit learning is “How much can they answer given time and Internet?”
> Some may know 10% implicitly. Some know 50%. They’ll answer those in a few seconds.
> Some, they can FIND out. with Google, StackOverflow, ChatGPT. That’s explicit learning. But it takes time…

---

### Post #11 by **Trebhuvan SB** (ds-students)
*February 26, 2025, 16:01 UTC*
Their whole concept of implicit learning disappears when people start sharing answers in a public forum.

---

### Post #12 by **Andrew David** (ds-students)
*February 26, 2025, 16:03 UTC*
[On another topic](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/99838/2)

> et?

read the post, its about explicit learning xD  
EDIT its implicit my bad !

---

### Post #13 by **Trebhuvan SB** (ds-students)
*February 26, 2025, 16:05 UTC*
off topic, how do you dm people on discourse?

---

### Post #14 by **shivam dubey** (ds-students)
*February 26, 2025, 16:05 UTC*
So, are we using this thread, or should we make a Google space or something?

---

### Post #15 by **Andrew David** (ds-students)
*February 26, 2025, 16:06 UTC*
I created a discord



> **Image Content:** *The image you provided is the official logo for **Discord**. It features a white, stylized gamepad/headset icon on a solid circular purple background.

**Key Information from this Image:**

*   **Content:** The Discord logo.
*   **Likely Context (within a data science course forum):** If this image were found on a data science course forum, it would almost certainly be used as an icon or a link to direct users to the course's dedicated Discord server. Discord is a popular platform for communities, including educational ones, for real-time chat, Q&A, study groups, and announcements. Its presence would indicate that the course utilizes Discord for student interaction and support.

**Code, Commands, or Error Messages:**

Based on the image provided, there are **no** text elements, code snippets, commands, or error messages present. This image is purely a graphical logo.

To provide an analysis of a data science course forum with code, commands, or error messages, I would need a screenshot depicting an actual forum conversation or interface.*


[Discord](https://discord.com/invite/vFTqFMw6)

### [Join the ACING ROE 1 Discord Server!](https://discord.com/invite/vFTqFMw6)

Check out the ACING ROE 1 community on Discord – hang out with 1 other members and enjoy free voice and text chat.

@all

**Reactions:** ❤️ 1

---
