# Questions closed (GA)

### Post #1 by **Anushka Kumar** on *January 27, 2025*
Respected Sir @carlton,

I realized there are still many topics to learn in order to complete the TDS Course ( With an A or S Grade) as I have missed some questions (Couldn’t do even after studying the videos ) .

Therefore wanted to learn and regardless of the scoring I still wish to complete GA1 but, I see that I can’t access the questions anymore …

Is there any way to give the answers in the portal and check. I just want to learn and test my knowledge

Thank You,  
22f2000559.

**Reactions:** ❤️ 1

---

### Post #2 by **Yogesh** on *January 27, 2025*
Yeah. There must be a mechanism by which the scores get frozen but students are able to practise even after the deadline.

**Reactions:** ❤️ 3

---

### Post #3 by **Parth Patel** on *January 28, 2025*
@carlton @s.anand Please provide a solution

Edit: @Yogesh1 @22f2000559 There is a way to access GA1 - you can login with any other email ID, as the site is meant for general public too. You won’t be able to submit the assignments, so you might have to self-evaluate.

**Reactions:** ❤️ 1

---

### Post #4 by **Anand S** on *January 29, 2025*
@22f2000559 – Good point. I’ve enabled access now.

@parthpatel – nice workaround!

**Reactions:** ❤️ 3

---

### Post #5 by **Parth Patel** on *February 03, 2025*
> Replying to @s.anand

@carlton @s.anand

Sorry to bother you again, but there is another issue about inactive download buttons for required files for the problems. Also it will be nice if the evaluations are turned on too.

---

### Post #6 by **Anand S** on *February 04, 2025*
> Replying to @parthpatel

Good point. Fixed now.

**Reactions:** ❤️ 2

---

### Post #7 by **Anushka Kumar** on *February 07, 2025*
@s.anand Sir,  
Can you please enable the evaluations for all GAs who have crossed the deadlines?

---
